Description of the parameter AUTO_PARTITIONING_PARTITION_SIZE_MB (#7975)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/datamodel/_includes/table.md

* Type: `Uint64`.
* Default value: `2000 MB` ( `2 GB` ).

Partition size threshold in MB from `10 MB` to `2000 MB`. If exceeded, a shard may split. Takes effect when the [`AUTO_PARTITIONING_BY_SIZE`](#auto_partitioning_by_size) mode is enabled.

> The system may split a shard at its discretion. Or it might not split at all, even if the specific size is requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value is a recommendation for partitioning. There may be situations where partitioning will not occur, even if an explicit size is specified. .
```

> Partition size threshold in MB from `10 MB` to `2000 MB`. If exceeded, a shard may split. Takes effect when the [`AUTO_PARTITIONING_BY_SIZE`](#auto_partitioning_by_size) mode is enabled.
> 
> This value is a recommendation for partitioning. There may be situations where partitioning will not occur, even if an explicit size is specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The desired partition size threshold in megabytes. Recommended values range from `10 MB` to `2000 MB`. If this threshold is exceeded, a shard may split. This setting takes effect when the [`AUTO_PARTITIONING_BY_SIZE`](#auto_partitioning_by_size) mode is enabled.

This value serves as a recommendation for partitioning. Partitioning may sometimes not occur even if the configured size is exceeded.
```
